DEVDOCS-1341 (#652)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/bigcommerce-for-wordpress/getting-started/site-launch-checklist.md

## Required steps

### Set up WordPress host to meet recommended server requirements

While you can use BigCommerce for WordPress on a vast majority of WordPress hosts, it is best to use stable versions of PHP, MySQL, and WordPress to ensure the most performant, secure experience.

#### Server requirements:

* PHP: 7.3+
    * With `intl` extension enabled for better currency formatting.
* MySQL: 5.6+
* WordPress: 5.3+
* SSL

### Connect BigCommerce for WordPress to BigCommerce using API credentials

BigCommerce for WordPress connects to the BigCommerce API with a set of API credentials. These credentials are for a single BigCommerce app. For production sites, you will need to create a separate set of API credentials to ensure proper rate limits are applied. 

A separate set of API credentials is required if you want more than one WordPress channel configured in your account, as using the standard **connect to BC** flow in the plugin will disconnect previous app connections from your other sites. For instructions on how to create additional API credentials, see [Multisite Setup](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/bigcommerce-for-wordpress/setup/multi-site).

> API credentials can be set using constants in the site's `wp-config.php` file. Values set in `wp-config.php` will override options in the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API credentials can be set using constants in the site's `wp-config.php` file, as shown below. Values set in `wp-config.php` will override options in the database.
```

> 

Reviewer: Needs a title of what this is an example of

```
define( 'BIGCOMMERCE_API_URL', 'https://api.bigcommerce.com/stores/xxxxxxxxxx/v3/' );
define( 'BIGCOMMERCE_CLIENT_ID', 'xxxxxxxxxx' );
define( 'BIGCOMMERCE_CLIENT_SECRET', 'xxxxxxxxxx' );
define( 'BIGCOMMERCE_ACCESS_TOKEN', 'xxxxxxxxxx' );
```

### Configure BigCommerce for WordPress product sync

The product sync occurs every 5 minutes, by default. All newly-added BigCommerce products will be automatically listed on the WordPress site. 

> These settings can be configured to match business requirements. The frequency of new products being added and whether all of the catalog should be for sale online determines the right settings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These settings can be configured to match business requirements. The frequency of new products being added and whether all of the catalog should be for sale online determines the correct settings. 
```

> The plugin uses the standard [WP-Cron](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/cron/) system, which needs traffic to run. If you would like to process regardless of site visitors, we recommend setting an a cron job on the server to force processing. For information on how to use the system task scheduler for WP-Cron, see the [Plugin Handbook](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/cron/hooking-wp-cron-into-the-system-task-scheduler/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin uses the standard [WP-Cron](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/cron/) system, which needs traffic to run. If you would like to process regardless of site visitors, we recommend setting a cron job on the server to force processing. For information on how to use the system task scheduler for WP-Cron, see the [Plugin Handbook](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/cron/hooking-wp-cron-into-the-system-task-scheduler/).
```

Product, inventory, and checkout webhook events are automatically set up when the plugin is installed. Their actions in BigCommerce will automatically trigger a future partial sync for only the affected products. 

### Select cart type

> Within BigCommerce for WordPress, there are multiple ways to configure how the cart interactions work. Take the time to select the right experience:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within BigCommerce for WordPress, there are multiple ways to configure how the cart interactions work. Take the time to select the right experience from the following:
```

**Mini-cart**
* Keep the shopper on the page after they have added an item.
* When the cart menu item is clicked, show a mini-cart overview as an overlay on the page, which details the items, total, and links to view cart or checkout.

> * Available as a widget to build into other parts of the template; for example, to display a persistent, dynamic sidebar cart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Available as a widget to build into other parts of the template (for example, to display a persistent, dynamic sidebar cart).
```

**Ajax add-to-cart**
* Keep the shopper on the page after they have added an item.
* When the cart menu item is clicked, navigate to the cart page.

**Redirect to cart**
* When the shopper adds an item to the cart, navigate to the cart page.

### Select checkout type

The checkout type determines which payment methods and checkout customizations are available to the site.

> **Embedded Checkout** creates a deeply integrated experience, where the user stays on the WordPress site. However, not many payment methods are supported by this checkout type. For example, Embedded Checkout cannot be used with hosted wallets, such as Amazon Pay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Embedded Checkout** creates a deeply integrated experience, where the user stays on the WordPress site. However, this checkout type does not support many payment methods. For example, Embedded Checkout cannot be used with hosted wallets, such as Amazon Pay.
```

**Redirected Checkout** unlocks the full checkout experience of BigCommerce, including hosted wallets and ability to customize the checkout layout through the Stencil framework and Checkout SDK. To make the hand off from WordPress to BigCommerce seamless, set up a subdomain such as checkout.your-domain.com. For details on how to change your store domain, see [Changing Domains](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Changing-Domains).

> Note that in either case, the links within checkout, such as Register Account and Edit Cart, will be automatically set by the plugin to link back to the correct pages on the WordPress site using the [Sites and Routes API](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-reference/cart-checkout/sites-routes-api). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in either case, the links within checkout, such as **Register Account** and **Edit Cart**, will be automatically set by the plugin to link back to the correct pages on the WordPress site using the [Sites and Routes API](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-reference/cart-checkout/sites-routes-api). 
```

You can do this by installing BigCommerce for WordPress on a second WordPress site using the [API credentials](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/bigcommerce-for-wordpress/setup/multi-site#setting-up-a-wordpress-site-using-api-account-credentials) connection method and choosing to create a new channel during the setup process.

### Hide WordPress admin bar for customers

The default setup of WordPress shows an admin bar at the top of every page for every logged in user. It provides a link back to the main site, the user's name, and the ability to log out. This is reasonable for sites that are mainly content and might have additional custom actions in the bar, but for commerce-focused sites you may want to hide it.

For a BigCommerce for WordPress child plugin that hides the bar for customers, see [BC4WP plugin](https://github.com/becomevocal/bc4wp-hide-wp-admin-bar-for-customers).

### Stop unnecessary webhooks

> BigCommerce contains a number of webhooks that your site may benefit from. It is recommended to disable unused webhooks to enhance performance. To disable the webhooks you do not need, use the [Webhooks API](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/store-management/webhooks/overview) and update the `is_active` fields to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BigCommerce contains a number of webhooks that your site may benefit from. We recommend disabling unused webhooks to enhance performance. To disable the webhooks you do not need, use the [Webhooks API](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/store-management/webhooks/overview) and update the `is_active` fields to `false`.
```

1. Ensure that your host has [WP-CLI](https://wp-cli.org/) installed and configured to manage your WordPress site.

2. The initial import will likely take longer than subsequent imports. Run the following command for the first import: 
`wp bigcommerce import products`

3. Set up a system cron job to run the import at your desired frequency. For example, to run every 10 minutes:
`*/10 * * * * /usr/bin/wp bigcommerce import products --quiet > /dev/null 2>&1`

This does not disable the WordPress cron-based import process. As long as the CLI import runs more frequently than the import configured on the settings screen, the cron-based import should never be triggered. In the event that both are running concurrently, safeguards are in place to ensure that only one process runs at a time.

![Product Sync](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/cli-setup-instructions.png)

Subsequent imports will only update products that have changed since the last import. To force an update on all products, add the `--force` flag to the import command:

`wp bigcommerce import products --force`

> ### Set up and recommendations for Cron

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set up and recommendations for cron
```

WordPress sites will generally operate more efficiently if WordPress's default cron is disabled and replaced with a server-side cron job.

To disable WordPress's default cron, follow these steps:

1. Set a constant in `your wp-config.php`:
`define( 'DISABLE_WP_CRON', true );`

2. Set up a system cron job to run WordPress's cron events from the command line:
`* * * * * /usr/bin/wp cron event run --due-now --quiet > /dev/null 2>&1`
Running the job every minute is generally recommended.

### Details on how to debug

If the site is not importing as expected, enable diagnostic logging to produce a detailed log of the import process.

![Diagnostic logging](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/details-on-how-to-debug.png)

> After the next import has run, click *Get Diagnostics* to display data from the logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the next import has run, click **Get Diagnostics** to display data from the logs.
```

If running an import from the command line, add the `--debug` flag to get additional information as the import runs, including API error messages.

`wp bigcommerce import products --debug`

If network latency is causing your API requests to timeout, the timeout duration can be increased with a filter:

```js
add_filter( 'bigcommerce/api/timeout', function () {
	return 60;
} );
```

### Expectations for performance

The duration of the import process depends on a number of factors, including network latency, system load, number of products, and the volatility of the catalog.

For an initial import, one can presume roughly 1-2 seconds per product. A catalog of 30 products may take around a minute to import, whereas 10,000 products may take several hours.

Subsequent imports only update products that have changed in some way. This can reduce the overall processing time to less than a second per product, which includes some overhead to determine which products have changed.

It is important to note changes that will cause a product to be updated:

* Changes to the title, description, categories, price, etc. in the BigCommerce admin.

> * Sales of the product, which change the "total_sold" property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Sales of the product, which change the `"total_sold"` property.
```
